♪ Oh. my friend! ♪
♪ This is a victory for us! ♪
♪ Our fame starts here! ♪
♪ Oh. my friend! ♪
♪ Let us celebrate this victory ♪
♪ for the next battle! ♪
♪ "I died for naught" — I won't ♪
♪ let it end like that for you ♪
♪ until I am the last one standing ♪
♪ The enemy is cruel... We will kill... ♪
♪ The enemy is colossal... We will jump... ♪
♪ In our hands we hold blades of glory ♪
♪ and sing in the name of victory ♪
♪ We bear the wings of freedom on our backs ♪
♪ Swearing iron determination
upon our hearts. ♪
♪ we slash apart the circle of idiocy ♪
♪ and soar through the sky ♪
♪ with our wings of freedom ♪
Sync and correction by masaca
- addic7ed.com -
What to do now?
Prelude to the Counterattack (pt 3)
When did you last change shafts?
Six days ago.
After the clean-up operation.
That matches the records.
Okay. next.
You are?
Krista Lenz. Squad 42.
Check it for wear.
Who'd have thought killing Titans
was a punishable offense...
It does seem ironic. but those
two were valuable test subjects.
Even so. why are they looking for
the culprit among us trainees?
We just finished cleaning
up the battlefield today.
Everyone's totally beat.
The culprit must've really loathed the Titans.
Yeah.
But in reality. they ended
up helping the Titans...
They may have fulfilled their
personal desire for vengeance.
but the net result is a
major setback for humanity.
I think I get why they did it.
because I can be an idiot myself...
Before I'd ever seen a Titan.
I was certain I wanted
to join the Recon Corps.
But now. I never want to see another.
And today. we all have to
decide which force to join.
Even Jean's seriously...
Everyone's regretting it.
If I'd known it'd be this hellish.
I'd have never chosen to be a soldier.
Now I'm so exhausted.
I can't think of anything else...
Hey. Marco...
I can't even tell which
are your bones anymore.
If I hadn't become a soldier.
I wouldn't have to keep wondering
who'll be on that pile next.
Will we abandon the tactical progress
bought by tens of thousands of sacrifices.
just to serve ourselves
up on a silver platter?
I know we have to fight...
But not everyone's as eager to die as you are.
I hope you won't get upset when I say this...
But you aren't a strong person. Jean.
So you can relate to the feelings of the weak.
What's more. you excel at
sizing up any situation.
Isn't that why you already
know what needs to be done?
What needs to be done...
Hey. guys...
Have you decided which force you're joining?
I've made up my mind..
I...
I'm joining the Recon Corps!
Damn it.
Hey. Annie. What do you think?
Even Jean said he's joining the Recon Corps.
Huh? Jean said that?
I have no opinion.
You're joining the Military Police. right?
Maybe I should too.
If someone told you to die. would you do it?
What? Of course not.
Then why not make your own decision?
Armin. what about you?
I...
I think if you know why you have to die.
there are times when you
must lay down your life.
Not that I want to die.
I see. You've made your choice.
Yeah.
I've been thinking it over
for quite a long time.
Seriously? Armin. you too?
You're weak. but you've got guts.
Th-Thank you.
Annie. you're actually
pretty nice. aren't you?
It seems like you don't want
us to join the Recon Corps.
Do you have a reason you want
to join the Military Police?
Not really.
It's just...
I want to survive.
It looks like they couldn't
find any soldiers who used
their Maneuver Gear without permission.
Then who did it?
No idea...
Right now. I'm more worried about
the upcoming induction ceremony.
How many of the new cadets are
actually crazy enough to join us?
Hey. Eren.
Are there any people in
your class who'd join us?
There are some.
No. there were some.
I don't know about now.
Attention!
Get ready.
We're going out on patrol.
Yes. sir!
Good morning. Captain Levi!
Listen. Eren...
Never stray more than two
horse-lengths from me.
Don't forget that the only reason
you're not locked up is
because I'm watching you.
Yes. sir!
Let's go.
Jean...
You're really joining the Recon Corps?
Yeah.
Why the sudden choice?
I mean... Aren't you scared?
Huh?
Of course I don't want
to join the Recon Corps.
Th-Then why...
It's not that the Titans don't
scare me anymore either.
And I won't spout nonsense like. "The
best belong in the Recon Corps."
I'm not as eager to die as some are.
You mean Eren?
He's already joined the Recon Corps.
Trainees. line up!
Line up in front of the stage!
I'm not risking my life
because someone convinced me.
This is a job you can't do
unless you decide for yourself.
I am Erwin Smith. Commander
of the Recon Corps.
Today. you will choose a
branch of the military.
Putting it bluntly. I'm here to
persuade you to join the Recon Corps.
During their recent attack.
you learned how terrifying the Titans can be.
as well as how limited your own strength is.
However...
That battle brought mankind
closer to victory than ever before.
Eren Jaeger's existence is crucial.
By risking his own life.
he's undoubtedly proven himself
a great ally to mankind.
With his help. not only did
we stop the Titans' advance.
but we've also obtained a key to
discovering their true nature.
We believe that the basement
of his old home in Shiganshina
holds answers about the Titans
that even he doesn't know.
If we can reach that basement.
we will find clues to ending this
century of Titan domination.
The basement?
We've already advanced that far?
If we learn what they are. we can end this!
No matter how much he needs recruits.
I can't believe he's
publicizing this information.
Or does he have some hidden motive?
What is he trying to do?
We will head for the
basement in Shiganshina.
However. that requires
us to retake Wall Maria.
In other words. our
objective remains the same.
But with the Trost gate sealed for good.
we'll have to take the long way
around from Karanes in the east.
The four years we spent laying a route
for a full-scale
army have gone to waste.
In those four years. more than sixty
percent of the Recon Corps lost their lives.
Sixty percent in four years...
An insane figure.
Any trainees who join us will participate
in our excursion beyond the walls next month.
We expect thirty percent won't return.
In four years. most will be dead.
But those who make it through
will become superior soldiers
with a high survival rate.
Now you know the discouraging facts.
Any of you still willing to
risk your lives. remain here.
Ask yourselves:
Are you willing to offer your
beating hearts for mankind?
That is all.
Anyone who wishes to join
another branch is dismissed.
Commander...
Don't you think you scared them a little much?
All of them will leave!
Damn it...
Come on. you've already made your choice!
Don't give me more reasons to hate myself...
If I don't leave now. I'll
have to face them again.
I left the village to join
the Military Police...
My mom would be so happy.
If I join the Military Police. the whole
village would think better of me.
We all know...
We've already seen it...
How the Titans...
devour humans!
Are you all willing to die
if you're ordered to?
I don't want to die!
I see.
I like the looks on your faces.
I hereby welcome all of
you to the Recon Corps!
This is a true salute!
Offer up your hearts!
Yes. sir!
Guys...
This is the pits.
The Recon Corps...
I'm scared!
I want to go home.
I don't even care.
If you were going to cry.
you should have left.
You've done well to endure your fear.
You are brave soldiers.
You have my heartfelt respect.
Salute!
I'm Squad Leader Ness.
And this is Shallot. my horse.
She loves to chew on people's hair.
so be careful or you'll
wind up prematurely bald.
Nice to meet you all!
Hey! S-Stop it. Shallot!
Someone grab her!
Our training began the next day.
Instead of practical training.
it was mostly memorizing the
long-range scouting formation
Commander Erwin had devised.
Strangely.
although the formation was
written out in precise detail.
Eren Jaeger's position
was nowhere to be found.
You new recruits will be here.
in between the recon support team
and the supply wagon escort team.
Your jobs will be to ride alongside the
spare horses and relay messages.
The Special Operations Squad will be here.
standing by in the center of the last ranks.
We're pretty far back.
It's the safest place in the formation.
We're even more heavily guarded
than the supply wagons.
Our goal this time is just
to sortie and return safely.
This expedition is so brief
because it's a practice run for
your journey to Shiganshina.
Um...
I still don't know what this
power should be used for...
Did you understand what the
Commander's question meant?
Where do you think the enemy is?
Did you all understand?
Nope.
It would be an overstatement
to say I understand it all.
But I think...
It's possible this mission has another goal.
but the Commander has decided it'd be
best not to reveal that objective.
So we should just focus on
getting there and back.
Just believe in the Commander.
Right...
That's all the training for today.
Prepare to return to base.
Th-That's...
Sir. may I go talk with my classmates?
Go right ahead.
Hey. Mikasa! Armin!
Eren!
It feels like it's been forever!
Eren. did they do anything bad to you?
Did they examine you all over?
Did they psychologically torture you?
Nothing like that.
That midget bastard crossed the line.
Someday. I'll make him pay for it.
You don't mean Captain Levi. do you?
Yo. Eren...
It's been so long!
What? Everyone's here?
But if you're all here. then...
Doesn't that mean all of you
joined the Recon Corps?
Why else would we be here?
So only Jean. Annie. and Marco
joined the Military Police?
No way. Not you too!
Marco's dead.
What was that?
Did you say Marco's dead?
Not everyone goes out in a blaze of glory.
I don't even know how it happened.
He died without anyone around.
Marco...
Hey. newbies! Get over here!
Your uniforms are here!
Are you really...
Yes. we'll all be participating
in the mission too.
Hey. Eren.
I heard that when you turned into a
Titan. you tried to kill Mikasa.
What does that mean?
No. Eren was trying to hit a fly...
I wasn't asking you.
Mikasa. that wound on your
cheek looks pretty bad.
When did you get that?
I'm told it's true...
When I became a Titan. I tried to kill Mikasa.
So then you don't remember it. right?
In other words. you didn't even
know you had this Titan power.
and you still don't have
the means to control it.
Yeah. that's right.
Did you all hear that?
That's the situation.
Mankind's existence. and
our lives. depend on him.
We'll probably die just like Marco.
without Eren even noticing.
Jean. what's the point in asking
Eren these questions now?
Listen. Mikasa.
Not everyone's like you.
willing to die for Eren's
sake and nothing more.
We deserve to know what we're dying for.
Otherwise. we'll hesitate when the time comes.
We want something in return from him.
Let's see what he has to offer us.
And whether it's worth our lives.
So. Eren...
We're really counting on you.
Yeah.
Sir. it's almost time.
We've driven all the Titans out of the area.
Thirty seconds until we open the gate!
It's the Recon Corps!
They call that emblem on their
backs the Wings of Freedom!
So cool...
It's time!
Humanity will take another step forward.
Show me what you can do!
Open the gate!
Advance!
We will now begin the 57th
expedition beyond the walls!
Onward!
Sync and corrections by masaca
- addic7ed.com -
www.tvsubtitles.net